Kelsey Kopecky
Web Apps Midterm


ARCHITECTURE

1. POST sends data to a URL while PUT puts a page a URL.

2. Relative

3. An absolute URL points directly to a file (such as "http://www.website.com/site/index.html"), while a relative URL points to something in the current directory (such as "../site/index.html").

4. GET

5. The query string is request_type=PUT.

6. Title

7. Database: storage.
Web Browser: renders the application (makes it executable).

8. No, it doesn't have a content type.


RUBY

9. class Troll
	attr_accessor :ugliness
	attr_accessor :smelliness
	attr_accessor :strength
	def initialize(g = "UNGAH")
		grunt = g
	end
	def speak()
		42.time do
			puts grunt
		end
	end
	def reverse()
		return grunt.reverse
	end
	def self.propogate()
		return Troll("eegah")
	end
end

10. All it's missing is the method fight:
def fight()
end

11. Yes, because it can respond to (pardon the receptive like answer) anything.

12. Boolean (true/false)

13. A method that ends in ! will modify the object it calls.

14. It's a dynamic type system.

15. Array of strings with the members being "master", "rails", "and", etc.

16. Yep!

17. No. It will return NILL.


RAILS

18. save, valid, validate, create

19. HTTP METHOD     |     CONTROLLER ACTION     |     CRUD OPERATION
      GET                      index                      read
      GET                      new                        read
      POST                     create                     create
      GET                      edit                       read
      PUT                      update                     update
      DELETE                   delete                     delete

20. Browsers have a restriction that you can only use POST or GET.

21. Production is used to let others use your application. Development is used for you to use your application (local).

22. Nonplural controllers are used to display things, while plural are used to edit a database.

23. Helper methods are methods that can be called in your views so the views are easy to read and there is no duplicate code. These should be defined by the developer if the method will be used multiple times.

24. id, has_many, belongs_to

25. A way to reduce the number of queries is by using eager loading for Flower.find().
